Docs: Enhance datasource READMEs (#254)
grafana/grafana-plugin-examples: examples/datasource-http-backend/README.md

# Data Source HTTP Backend Plugin for Grafana

This repository contains a backend data source plugin that queries data from an HTTP API.

## Overview

The Data Source HTTP Backend Plugin showcases the integration of a backend HTTP service as a custom data source within Grafana. This plugin serves as a reference implementation for developers aiming to incorporate HTTP-based data sources into their Grafana dashboards.

This example queries data from an HTTP API. The HTTP API returns data in JSON format, which is then converted to data frames.

> This plugin differs from the `datasource-http` example because the data fetching happens in the plugin backend rather than going through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin differs from the `datasource-http` example because the data fetching happens in the plugin backend rather than the front end code fetching through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy.
```

}
```

An example HTTP server that returns dummy data in this format is included in `cmd/server`.

## Get started

Data source plugins consist of both frontend and backend components. Install these components with the following CLI commands.
## Building

### Frontend

Install dependencies and build:

```bash
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

### Backend

Build backend plugin binaries for Linux, Windows and Darwin:

```bash
$ mage -v
```

### Set up a server

1. Set up a backend server to return data:

```bash
$ mage server
$ ./cmd/server/server :10000
2022/10/28 15:43:16 listening on :10000
```

2. Add a new data source in Grafana and use the following URL:
The mockserver required for testing has been included in the Docker Compose file 

Add a new data source in Grafana using the following URL:
```
http://host.docker.internal:10000/metrics
```

> 

Reviewer: We are missing the instructions to run the docker container so one can see the plugin running `npm run server` do we want to add that?

An example HTTP server that returns dummy data in this format is included in `cmd/server`.

## Get started

Data source plugins consist of both frontend and backend components. Install these components with the following CLI commands.

### Frontend

Install dependencies and build:

```bash
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

### Backend

Build backend plugin binaries for Linux, Windows and Darwin:

```bash
$ mage -v
```

### Set up a server

> 1. Set up a backend server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set up a backend server to return data:
```
